README.md, before:

# boonai
A simple ML suite for use by non-experts

## How to run

### Install PostgreSQL
Follow the guide on the PostgreSQL homepage ([link](www.postgresql.org/download)) to install it on your platform.

Create the user, unless you want to use the default one. The app will create necessary tables the first time it is run.

### Create the Python environment
1. Create virtual environment with your preferred tool (virtualenv, conda,...).
Check [virtualenv](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/) 
or [conda]() pages for more details.

2. Activate the environment

3. Install requirements with pip:
    ```bash
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
    Consider using conda to install numpy beforehand, so you will be able to benefit from the mkl speedups.

### Setup App and run
1. Set PYTHONPATH if needed:
    ```bash
    $ export PYTHONPATH="$HOME/path/to/boonai"
    ```

2. Check the config file and correct values if needed. Don't forget to set the correct connection string for database.

3. Navigate to the root of the project and run:
    ```bash
    cd ~/path/to/boonai
    python boonai/run.py
    ```

Commit message:

Start using SQLite as the default database
For easier first start, the default database is now SQLite. Also, instance config file is not necessary in order to run the app.

README.md, after:

# BoonAI
A simple ML suite for use by non-experts.

## How to run

Everything will be run from a single Flask app, but this can be decoupled if needed. 
The default database is SQLite, so no need to install or set anything upfront.



### Create the Python environment
1. Create virtual environment with your preferred tool (virtualenv, conda,...).
Check [virtualenv](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/) 
or [conda]() pages for more details.

2. Activate the environment

3. Install requirements with pip:
    ```bash
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
    Consider using conda to install numpy beforehand, so you will be able to benefit from the mkl speedups.

### Setup App and run
1. Set PYTHONPATH if needed:
    ```bash
    $ export PYTHONPATH="$HOME/path/to/boonai"
    ```

2. Check the config file and correct values if needed. Don't forget to set the correct connection string for database.

3. Navigate to the root of the project and run:
    ```bash
    cd ~/path/to/boonai
    python boonai/run.py
    ```
### (Optional) Install PostgreSQL
If you don't want to use SQLite as your database, you might want ot install a proper database.
Follow the guide on the PostgreSQL homepage ([link](www.postgresql.org/download)) to install it on your platform.

Create the user, unless you want to use the default one. The app will create necessary tables the first time it is run.
